68 please
change it to 65 degrees
cool down the room
i'm cold
Increase the temperature to 65 degrees
make it warmer
set room to 67 degrees
Turn it up
Turn temperature up to 70
up by 5
go down 3 degrees
Turn down the temperature by 7 degrees
please set to 50
Turn the temperature
it's chilly
i'd like it to be about 72 degrees
go up a little
it's hot
80
it's wicked hot in here
4 degrees colder
it's really hot
go up a degree
down by 1 degree
make the room warmer by 2 degrees
Turn temperature down to 67
Turn it up a bit
change the thermostat to 76
make the room 4 degrees cooler
it's freezing
heat up
set thermostat to 67 degrees
set thermostat to 67
Turn it down
make it colder in here
up by 1 degree
make it colder
make it 10 degrees
make it 10
it's really hot here
increase the temperature by 2 degrees
Make it 6 degrees warmer
make it hotter
Turn it way up
Turn up the thermostat
Turn up by 1 degree
the temperature of 90
decrease the temperature
set at 68
Turn it down a bit
Turn it up more
make it 5 degrees cooler
set it to 70
Turn heat to 55
could you please just make it less hot
3 degrees cooler
Turn temperature up to 75
Turn up the thermostat by 4 degrees
Turn down the temperature by 7
I'm so cold
Make it 4 degrees warmer
set it to 55 degrees
Turn it down a little
set temperature to 72
decrease temperature by 6
decrease the temperature by 2 degrees
set room to 67
make the room hotter
decrease the temperature by 1 degree
it's cold in here
make it 1 degree warmer
I'm really warm
it's way too hot in here
set to 56
67 degrees
Turn the temperature down by 3
increase the temperature
my fingers are freezing
it's too damn hot
Turn down the thermostat by 4 degrees
make a 72
set to 65 degrees
Turn it up a little
Set the temperature to 80 degrees
so hot in here
please make it 10 degrees
it's too cold
it's too warm in here
make it cooler
increase the temperature please
I'm warm
Turn to 56 degrees
make it really hot
go down
It's cold in here
make it 2 degrees colder
it's a little warm in here
make it 2 degrees warmer
make it 3 degrees hotter
Turn it down please
set a 105 degrees
86
Turn it to 73
Set temperature to 68 degrees
Turn it up by 5 degrees
i'm hot
Turn the temperature down to 68
Turn the temperature down by 3 degrees
4 degrees warmer
Turn the heat down
set it to 80
Turn on the heat
i'd like it to be about 75
Turn it down by 3 degrees
make it 2 degrees cooler
set to 72
it's chilly in here
set temperature to 75 degrees
now 75
please make it 10
Turn it down by 4 degrees
temperature up to 65 degrees
set temperature
make the room warmer
change the temperature to 76
it's too hot in here
go down by 2 degrees
make it 3 degrees colder
it's too hot
set it to 72
Turn it up by 15 degrees
take it warmer in here
go down by 4
go up up by 2 degrees
it's hot in here
make it 62
2 degrees cooler
Go up 4 degrees
Turn heat to 55 degrees
Turn the thermostat to 80
down by 3 degrees
down by 2 degrees
3 degrees warmer
Increase the temperature by 4 degrees
make it really warm
get warmer
Increase the temperature
Turn it up 2 degrees
make it 1 degree colder
the temperature 55 degrees
I'm freezing
Turn down the thermostat
don't get so excited
the screen is too dark
Turn up the language formality
volume louder
Turn the sound up
keep it simple, please
brightness lower
be less formal
make it brighter
I still can't hear you clearly
be more formal
say it louder
can you show more emotion?
Turn the volume down
switch to formal mode
Can you be warmer with me?
Enable formal mode
don't be so emotional
Talk calm
your voice is too low
brighten the screen
lower brightness
dim the screen a bit
volume down
I don't think we have such an intimate relationship
show some respect
can you be more enthusiastic?
whisper please
stop talking like a snob
Turn it up
tone down the snobby language
Turn up the sound
make the screen lighter
Use simple language
you're so pretentious
Talk more casual
can you be louder
don't be such a snob
Enable informal mode
lower your voice
Respect me
say that with some feeling
you're not loud enough
raise your voice
speech formality down
you sound pretentious
brightness down
Turn the speech sentiment value down
Turn the volume up
can you try to sound human?
can you be more bright
don't be so formal
Turn the informal speech on
it's too bright
it's too dark
you can be less formal
sound down
be more relaxed
make it louder
Talk less reserved
Talk formally
you are not bright enough
Be more respectful
We can talk in a more intimate way, can't we
can you talk a bit louder
could you be more sentimental
the volume is too low
Can you pay homage to me
down the language formality
stop being so vulgar
what are you holding back?
Turn on the informal speech
speak louder
speak like a normal person
you sound so boring
We aren't in formal relations
speak like a real person
your tone is too flat
brightness up
it's not light enough
stop being so boring
louder
talk like a computer
You're too nonchalant
be louder
you sound stuck up
speak more formally
increase brightness
We can talk less formally, can't we?
can you speak more professionally?
You're so puffed up!
I can't hear you
Reserved mode on
I don't think we're that close
speak loudly
stop being so formal
Turn the formality down
Turn the friendly assistance on
where are your manners?
quieter please
no need for formalities
informal is fine
it's too dim
Turn down the brightness
Turn the brightness up
calm your voice
speak informally
lower volume
shhh
How unemotional you are
You're overemotional
try to use more emotion in your speech
volume higher
Can you talk less dispassionately
relax
quiet down
i wish to Turn the volume up
speak up
calm down
speak calmly
volume lower
it's too light
you are too sentimental
volume up
I can't hear what you're saying
speech formality up
Turn on the casual speech
cut the brightness
too loud
use a computer voice
Talk in accordance with etiquette
that's too loud
mind your manners
you sound so snotty
decrease brightness
You so impudent!
be more friendly
Turn it down a bit
softer please
shift to the formal language
Can you behave not so snobbish
too dim
sound up
Turn the formality up
brighter
Turn down the volume
tone down the formality
make it less bright
make your voice quieter
less bright, please
Be informal
you sound so snobby
Turn volume down
mind your language
Can you treat me as a friend?
you are too loud
speak more professionally
We can talk in a casual way
minimize brightness
be brighter
Shift to dry language
more light
talk louder
How impolite you are!
don't be so official
I still can't hear you distinctly
reduce brightness
You can talk in an unreserved manner
be less emotional
lighten the screen
address me formally
Can we talk in a more reserved manner
make it dimmer
speak simply
don't get so worked up
use the detailed answering
you're too quiet
stop sounding so emotional
toggle to the simple language
Turn up the volume
Talk more emotional
Turn yourself up
speak normally
How arrogant you are!
When pilot light goes out, check the temperature.
If you leave your device in the cold ftp too long, its battery will die
And Honeywell has reintroduced its original 1952 wall thermostat, the classic bubble shape, but with designer colors for today's home.
When adjusting my hot water heater, what temperature should I set it to?
By default, Outlook displays temperatures using the Fahrenheit scale.
Trying to get a good night's rest in a bed that is too hot or too cold can be extremely difficult.
Of the 64 students in this study, 66% had bachelor's degrees in a science (i.e., biology, chemistry, etc.), and 68% had taken the MCAT at least once prior to entering MEDPREP; 58% had received non-competitive Verbal Reasoning (VR) scores.
Figures relating to Malta's international trade show that in 2015 imports went down by 386 million euro
Our property taxes also went down by just a bit.
The Gathering is a Turn-based game, where game flow is partitioned into well-defined parts.
A man who had grudgingly turned his thermostat up to sixty-three when she came to spend the night.
If you are a woman who always feels cold in the office, you aren't alone.
At about 600 degrees Celsius, the biomass decomposes to these optionary compounds, which then enter into our catalyst, which is a zeolite-type catalyst.
A warm front is defined as the transition zone where a warm air mass is replacing a cold air mass.
Simply find the buttons that control the water's temperature and turn it to 102 degrees.
To easily fine tune your adjustments, simply click or tap the up and down arrows below the current target temperature.
Minus 1 high temperature in Chicago.
Turn it a few times and then cook it on a really low temperature.
The Red Ranger takes on a pair of enemies in these photos from the film's set.
When the engine reaches a high enough temperature, the thermostat opens so cold water can enter and cool the motor.
We've sold 200 tons of hot chocolate and 50 tons of coffee.
It's too cold in New York City for the annual Central Park Ice Festival.
If the temperature is too low, doughnuts will absorb more oil and taste soggy and oily.
You turn it on when you need hot water, set the temperature and turn on the water.
Pasteurization involves cooking milk at a high temperature to kill listeria,
A video surfaced online yesterday showing Katt Williams getting beat up by a 7th grade kid after throwing the first punch.
It was a peaceful Indian summer day with the temperature in the low seventies.
In St. Louis County, temperatures are 1 to 1.5 degrees hotter than the average from 1901 to 1960.
For the last two weeks the thermostat had been broken so that it kept the radiators working all day.
At Warm Winters, we believe that every homeless person deserves access to warm clothing.
A dryer that's too hot may seem like a daunting repair, but fixing your own appliance is actually pretty easy.
He feels so impinged upon by the degree and the velocity of my art.
You don't need to turn your thermostat up when it is colder outside; the house will heat up to the set temperature regardless
You can't be fired for being a woman — but you can be fired for being too hot.
But, as noted previously, it also involves a degree of control.
How high is my temperature, Doctor?
Westerners are surprised when Russians tell them that they wanted to continue the Cold War at any price.
Too low a temperature may mean the pile is too low in nitrogen -- usually not a problem since grass clippings are nitrogen-rich.
The company also announced a software update for its Nest Learning Thermostat that adds at least one new feature: notifications when temperatures in the home drop low enough to freeze pipes
It is warm air.
This year's hot holiday gift is just way too hot for some.
t was cold, it was dark, and there was a row of trees with ropes hanging off the branches, " he said. "
High ambient temperature and mortality: a review of epidemiologic studies from 2001 to 2008.
Everything around you that you call life was made up by people that were no smarter than you
It was warm enough that roads were clearing up after Tuesday's blizzard, but still cold enough for those to go ice fishing.
Some types of medicine can also make it easy to get too cold.
Lithium tantalate is very stable because of its high Curie temperature and insensitivity to humidity and vacuum, and is often used for space applications.
Make your normal backswing, turning your shoulders about 90 degrees and your hips some 45 degrees.
When she's cooking, she just sets her propane furnace thermostatto68degrees, which keeps the house at a comfortable temperature.
At low temperature, tunneling predominates.
Begin your journey into the world of statistics with some warm-up questions about data sets.
Then after you set the coffee aside to cool, it gets too cold.
Warm Heart is a nonprofit organization in Thailand focused on people helping people.
Certainly, when you exercise, run, or play sports, a healthy warm up is a good way to prepare, improve your performance, and prevent injury to yourself.
Today the benchmark index at Nepal Stock Exchange went down by5.88 points or 0.46% to close at 1,285.93 points.
Add rice, mayo, Dijon, hot sauce and season to taste with salt and pepper.
Raise the temperature setting if you're willing to do so.
Samsonite offers the ideal luggage set for business and travel.
It may become too hot for humans to survive, study warns.
The German Aerospace Center (DLR) said on Friday it suspects Philae is now covered in dust and too cold to operate.
However a new study, published today in Global Change Biology, shows that it was once too coldeven for emperor penguins.
Each time you start your vehicle, the cabin temperature is set to a single zone, which can be manually adjusted by touching the driver-side (+ and -).
Prices and details about Ice hotel's warm hotel rooms & chalets.
He can't see me once I've finished my degree wanting to stay in the job that I'm doing.
Cover ice with coldwater.
In aerobic composting proper temperature is important.
New photos from the Luke Cage set reveal a villain that will be in the series and show Mike Coulter's title character fighting him!
Our bats were cold.
Don't feel your baby's hands or feet to work out if he is warm enough; it is normal for them to feel cold.
Acclimation to the cold is an important factor, too.
And seasonal outlooks - such as whether it will be a cold, snowy winter - tend to be only marginally more accurate.
A fur coat is not enough to keep warm enough when it is really cold, even if the rabbit is indoors.
IF you want to get your vegetable garden off to a fast start, you need to plant your seeds in soil that's warm enough to ensure good germination.
If your horse outgrows his clip very quickly then it is likely that he is not warm enough and if he grows long 'cat hairs' that outgrow the rest of the coat and produce a whiskery effect then your horse has almost certainly been getting cold.
She had apparently been brought up by apes or monkeys.
This notifcation is required by a new EU cookie law.
Right now it's super warm all the way across the Pacific to Japan
You deposited $500 yesterday, then wrote $600 worth of checks and your balance went down by$100.
Succeed by one's own efforts, as in She was homeless for nearly two years, but she managed to pull herself up by the bootstraps.
The top-performing hedge fund manager that's too hot for big money to handle.
Adaptation of plants to water and high temperature stress.
Humanities scholars speak of a quantitative Turn in history in the 1960s, a linguistic and cultural Turn of the 1980s in history and literature, and even more recently an animal Turn.
Temperature is a key parameter determining the success of composting operations.
In this article, I'll explain why your iPhone is getting so ho tand show you exactly how to fix it.
Frozen sections were cut into 4 m sections and fixed for 10 min in cold acetone.
The Mayor keeps his thermostat set on eighty-five and still can not get warm.
t's too cold, there's no tea, no restaurants, no bars
Aid spending pushed up by refugee crisis, OECD says.
There are several hot races to watch.
I did a lot of cold calling to climbing gyms.
We went down by train and spent two fabulous weeks climbing the local limestone crags, cycling and walking.
I was wondering if it will be warm enough to swim and tan there the first week of March.
Carney checked the thermostat.
Here are the cold career realities, according to some in the industry
We went down by the river.
Last but never least, when expanding the brood nest, there needs to be enough bees to cover and keep warm during a cold snap
CALL THE ELECTION PROTECTION HOTLINE, 1-866-0UR-V0TE.
The film should be agitated frequently during fixing at 65 degrees F to 75 degrees F (18.5 degrees C to 24 degrees C).
Politically motivated crime up by20%, Germany says.
How come my youtube views went down by like 150!
Twitter fired up by naming of Louis Otieno in murder inquest.
One of its most eye-catching features is the hot tub set amid a virtual sunning and entertaining complex on the flying bridge.
The climate of Haripur is continental in character i.e. very hot in summer and bitterly cold in winter.
Freezing food at the proper temperature also preserves nutrients and slows enzymes.
Even though sets have been used in Python since 2.3, Python3 has finally implemented them uniformly.
We were hot together, but he wasn't my boyfriend.
If you do not have any other warm IPs, all extra traffic will be routed through SendGrid's Shared IP Warm up clusters.
The temperature at which a liquid resin or adhesive, or an assembly involving them, will set, that is, harden, gel, or cure.
The number of persons speaking Finnish, Swedish or Sami as their native language went down by nearly 4,000 persons.
One of the easiest ways to increase decomposition in your compost pile, and to solve many compost problems, is to regularly turn and aerate your compost
It is estimated that the average water heater temperature is set to 130ºF in the United States.
It's getting too hot for monkeys.
It's too cold to put on makeup, it's too cold to be a fashionist a, and it's too cold to care.
These receivers are cooled to the incredibly low temperature of 0.1 kelvin.
The essential data consisted of three charts, each detailing the high and low temperature at one location over a period of 7 days.
The average level of food prices in January 2016 in comparison with the corresponding month of the previous year went down by0.3 %
They will most likely get another chance to buy many of today's hot stocks at far lower prices, and they will also have plenty of opportunities later
On the other hand, if the temperature is too low, the viscosity of the polymer will be too high, inhibiting the molding process.
Put the back of your hand on the pavement, and if you can't keep it there for five seconds, it's too hotfor your pup's feet.
In deciding when it is too hot to play sports depends on the heat index.
Global temperatures are set to rise more than 1C above pre-industrial levels in 2015, according to the UK's Met Office.
People enjoy unseasonably warm weather near the White House on December 11, 2015.
On the red ball I would first paint the degrees of pink that fall between the red and the highlight
Within 5 seconds, turn the oven control dial to either the BROIL HI, to increase, or BROIL LO, to decrease the oven temperature.
There the temperature drops as low as 40 degrees, and the apples keep very well.
A Round Turn is the most simple knot, one complete turn of a rope around an object.
Meanwhile, in nonstick 12-inch skillet, heat oil over medium heat until hot.
When stating 'my Turn' you are telling someone that it is time to change position or position focuses on to you
The effects of eating peanut products as a baby to avoid the risk of allergy have been backed up bynew research.
Winds pound the state after Denver sets high temp record.
When hot, add lobster and saute until heated through and butter begins to Turn pinkish, about 3 minutes.
Brenda Richardson of Anacostia lowers her family's thermostatto65degrees in the winter to save energy
That smart thermostat could be lowered or shut off in winter, leading to burst pipes if a malicious hacker knew the family was away.
As CBS2’s Jennifer McLogan reported, police had a suspect in custody late Thursday afternoon after at least six cars were set on fire overnight within a several block radius in Elmont.
A miniature Turn-around for distributed temperature sensing.
In the test truck, 69 degrees was too cold, 70was too hot.
The food prices went down by1.4 percent, and the non-food prices went up by 0.1 percent.
Sometimes it's wood, sometimes it's cold glass.
Not warm enough for spring-time insects.
Glaciers can't form or endure, of course, unless the air temperature remains low, and how far down a mountain they reach depends on what glaciologists call the equilibrium snowline-the boundary between an upper zone where accumulation of snow outpaces melting and a lower zone where the reverse is true.
This is accomplished at a relatively low temperature(50 to 100C), which limits damage to adjacent tissue.
We confirmed temperature setting to be a critical factor in suppressing L. pneumophila growth both in continuously recirculating hot water lines and at distal taps
Sino–Japanese economic embrace is warm enough to thaw the politics.
The daily high temperature at Death Valley was over 100 degrees F (38 degrees c).
He tapped the thermostat with his fingernail
Leggings or jeans won't keep your legs warm enough.
Doctors now know that your bedroom temperature affects how well and how long you sleep.
The deal marks the second film picked up by The Orchard at Cannes.
It should be noted that some participants held degrees in more than one category.
Then bake it for six hours at 100 degrees, the average daily high temperature in Zion in July.