05 ford f150 blue crew cab
blue 2007 Chevy Silverado from Nebraska commercial 68–113
2016 white Chevy Malibu sedan with tinted windows.
red 2010 Ford Mustang with broken rear window and rims
red Chevrolet 4 door tag # ABC123
blue Dodge Ram from Illinois 123 ADAM BOY CHARLIE
A 2015, blue hyundai sonata occupied 2 times
blue Ford Crown Vic with Missouri License: Frank Mary 4 William 0 Union at 169 and Cliff, occupied 1 time
white ford pickup with license plate ABC123
black Chevy Silverado, with tinted windows, bearing New Mexico plate 123ABC
vehicle is a red Dodge Ram with plate XXX-Xxx
red 4 door pickup truck with Colorado plates
The suspicious vehicle is a grey 4-door sedan maybe a Honda Civic
It is a blue honda civic, that is heading north bound on E123 from Phillips
143 Dispatch 10-44 on a red Ford f150, Kansas 28 *****X, occupied 2x (and any distinguishing marks)
Suspicious vehicle older 90's brown Chevrolet suv, California 4 David john Adam 347.
blue Chevy sedan with Arizona license abc123
10-28 CA plate 4ETD35, blue 2 door passenger vehicle.
Newer vehicle, blue in color, possibly Chevrolet Impala with 2 subjects in the vehicle.
1993 Nissan Sentra with Illinois License 123ABC Burgundy Color, Primer Grey on right fender
I'll be out with a vehicle at main and cross St bearing mo plate of 12345 on a white 4d passenger car occupied times two.
a black, late-model Ford truck on the North Bound shoulder of the highway with, what appears to be, one occupant.
suspicious vehicle is a red 2015 Scion FR-S, 2 door, Washington Plate AXM1254
grey Honda accord from Colorado plate 123-Adam Baker Charles
Suspicious vehicle is a red 2004 ford Taurus with tinted windows, occupied x3.
red Ford explorer with a brush guard, 10-28 Florida ABC123
the suspect is male with blue eyes
black female wearing maroon jeans
Sheldon Cooper
dr. Sheldon Cooper
white male, 1993 YOB
who is owner of case 12 car
1993 YOB white male
planet saturn
White male 5'11" around 180lbs with brown hair blue eyes and no facial hair or glasses
Male black wearing a red hoodie blue jeans and a white hat
call a cab
can you skip the commercials?
his glasses had a pink tint to them
the residence has a broken front window
i can't afford that!
i want to go to Malibu!
we went on vacation and saw the wild mustangs
there were 2 doors to the residence
she had to choose one of the four doors
they were playing dodge ball when she rammed her fist against the wall for no reason
my sign is aires, the ram
every saturday they blow a ram's horn
my favorite piece by Beethoven is the Moonlight Sonata
they pulled the crown right off her head
then the baby started to crown
his name is Vic Arturian
Victoria Gabriels, 23, white female
do you want me to tag you in this picture?
The kids were playing tag
she had a skin tag on her neck
the suspects tagged the building and then ran off
this tag on the inside of my shirt is really bugging me
ooh what was the price tag on that?
she drank a few shots of crown royal
i was feeling really blue yesterday
he was the best blues saxophonist of the 60s
you're looking a bit blue in the face
the company ended up in the black after all
then they called him up to the blackboard
look at that blackbird over there
they dressed up in blackface all the time in the 20s
i don't wanna get blackballed/blacklisted
they blackened out the windows in her aparment
there was a blackout last night
there was a brownout last night
use some white out and fix it
i have an appointment to whiten my teeth tomorrow
Mr. John Black
Mr. John White
Mr. John Brown/Browne
Mr. John Green/Greene
Mr. John Gray/Grey
I baked a batch of brownies last night
Don't you think she's a bit green for this job?
There's no greenery in this part of town
eat your greens!
i read this great book last week
she went all red in the face when i asked her
i don't want them to think i'm yellow
pass me that orange?
i planted some violets in my flowerbox.
i ain't no pinko
they're all reds over there
pass me a stick of big red
i want to go to florida and get a tan
there's a window of 10 minutes to log on
he recorded it on his dashcam
there's a car parked in the rear/front of the building
i bought a set of dinner plates last night
the bracelet was gold plated
he has a steel plate in his head
he tried to give her a pick-up line
I've gotta pick up the kids at 4
pick up those papers from the floor
Things are sure to pick up later on
I didn't pick up on that right away
she has to get her license first
why don't they offer civics class any more in school?
Ms. Georgia Jones
Ms. Virginia Jones
Ms. Caroline Jones
he ran the 100 yard dash last year
you need to put a dash there
he was wearing vans
van gogh is my favorite painter
she bought a convertible car seat
i saw an impala at the zoo last week
i drank a whole bottle of burgundy last week
the passengers on the plane were all shouting
i can play a chord on the guitar
we were all in accord with one another
he wrapped a cord around her neck
My daughter is a taurus
what other explorer do you know besides dora?
Ms. Portia Jones
Ms. Mercedes Jones
He's a smart boy
That smarts!
That Outfit is smart!
That's an accurate description...
The biggest number is infinity plus 1
Why don't you go then?
Ms. Kia Jones
She reported with lacerations on her vulva
Mr. George Bentley
The kid was killed by a wild jaguar
Lincoln was the best Republican ever.
Mr. Lincoln Jones
Mr. John Lincoln
The pilgrims landed on Plymouth rock
Saturn was a roman god
I have a huge fear of spiders
I used to play lacrosse in high school
I didn;t know she was so intrepid
that neon sign has been broken for ages
Mary Rogers from Lucerne, PA
She looked quite regal in that dress
it's next to the Pacific ocean
Usain Bolt is really fast
They vacationed on the Riviera
He bolted right out of there
make sure you bolt the door
That's a 220 volt line
I grew up in a suburban town
My favore vacation spot is Lake Tahoe
He was a real trailblazer in the field of medicine
Wy are you always so cavalier about these things?
I only care about celebrity news
She dyed her hair cobalt blue
i always ride the metro in DC
my dream is to go to monte carlo
did you catch the last episode of nova
I always root for "nova
someday soon Betelgeuse is going to nova
my kid has to wear a green blazer to school
I love Cruella DeVille
I ike to drink beer and play darts
She just darted out of the room
i bought that horse when he was just a colt
He was carrying a colt
They were drinking colt 45
he was the challenger on the game show
My niece is going to Daytona Beach for spring break
We shadowed the suspect for 3 hours
You'd be afraid of your own shadow
In the name of the father, and of the son, and of the holy spirit
i only drink spirits
i'll be there in spirit
Where's your team spirit?
i'm taking a journey next month
she worked nights as an escort
I live in the Fairmont section of the city
we're gonna have a fiesta this weekend!
He was the focus of the investigation
Focus on what you're doing
i hope they hurry up and figure out nuclear fusion
it's fusion cuisine: Russian and ethiopian
I hate pinto beans
Do you have any idea how huge the galaxy is?
He tried to escape, but we managed to catch up with him
He wants to go on an expedition to mt. everest
It was a cargo train
That park ranger looked mighty suspicious
They were just passing through hong kong in transit
I'm part cherokee
they always called him a renegade
give me liberty or give me death
I'm not at liberty to say
you better take a compass with you if you're gonna go camping there
I don't really consider myself a patriot
Wranglers are my favorite jeans
he was my commander in the navy
You never heard of prince henry the navigator?
i used to be a state trooper
i excel at math
My sister lives in tacoma
Sienna is the most beautifl city i've ever seen
He took his entourage with him to the movies
The beetle was a sacred insect in egypt
how can you hate the beatles?
only rich people play golf
let's head to the gulf of mexico next weekend