Tell me about robberies near the University last month
tell me anything about murders in 1 mile from the Willis tower
show crimes in my district in August 2014
list all reports of theft for last week
can you report me about arsons committed in 3 miles around the art museum last month
I need cases in the Willis tower
show me the robbery statistics for the willis tower in july
show me all emergency services calls for zip 19134 yesterday
could you show me the robbery stats for the willis tower area 
Tell me about robberies near the Willis tower in August
show me murders near central district
history for location
give me a report on crimes near the willis tower yesterday
please display the EMS call stats for yesterday 
give me information on the number of murders within a 5 mile radius of here for last week 
Show me robberies near the Willis Tower
I need last year cases
Tell me about robberies near the University
show murders in calumet
show me murders in 3 miles from here
show crimes near the bank
Tell me about robberies in the <abracadabra> last month
show the murders committed last week in the willis tower
Tell me about robberies near the University in September
Tell me how many thefts there were in july for the city
show murders in district 7
have there been any fires near the willis tower in july?
provide the theft stats for yesterday in the entire city 
how many thefts were reported last week in chicago
show me last week murders
thefts within 3 blocks of the willis tower
Show me homicides in the Old Town in August
show me murders in September
how many robberies occurred in the university last year 
show me all EMS calls for kensington in the past 48 hours
show all thefts for last week in the downtown area
find all reported rapes in  the city yesterday
inform me of the embezzlements in the bank of america
show me robberies nearby
let me see the arsons that occurred around the willis tower in 2014
all fires in the past 24 hours
What is the history for that location
show me murders in 1 mile from 1 district
inform me of the embezzlements in April in the bank of America
last week's murder statistics for all of chicago 
robberies in the willis tower in 2010
what are the robbery stats for the willis tower area for the past year
Give me the number of thefts for july within 3 blocks of the willis tower
Tell me about robberies in 2 kilometers from the Willis tower in August
how many fires were there in April
give me the willis tower crime stats for july 
Tell me about robberies in 100 yards from here in August
Tell me about robberies last month
incidents of arson in the past 24 hours
show me robberies history
can you tell me anything about murders in the university in july 
show incidents in my district in August 2015
i need the last month cases
display all reported crimes for the immediate area yesterday
tell me anything about last month murders in 1 mile from the willlis tower
Tell me about robberies near the <abracadabra> last month
Show me robberies in September
how many thefts occurred in july near the Willis Tower
show me crime stats for this area for last week
Tell me about robberies in 2 miles last month
all 2014 murders within a 500 meter radius of the willis tower 
say anything about murders committed last week in 1 mile around chatham
tell me about last week murders near willis tower
Show me robberies near the Willis Tower in September
update me on the number of murders in the willis tower area for 2014
How many thefts were there in july around the willis tower
bring up all thefts with a mile of the willis tower on june 10
How many thefts happened in the University in September?
show me murders near calumet district committed last week
thefts in july in the area of the willis tower
Tell me the number of 911 calls made last week
list all robberies in the city in the past 2 days
Tell me about robberies nearby in August
show me the nearest last month robberies
july murder stats for the sears tower area
give me robbery stats for within 10 minutes of the willis tower in july
thefts in july within 5 minutes of the willis tower
Tell me about robberies in 2 miles from the <abracadabra> last month
what about murders stats
july thefts near the willis tower 
list all thefts last week for the willis tower area
can you tell me anything about murder predictions on the 4 of may from 5 pm till 6 pm in the Addams park 
Where it is the most risky today
In what location is the risk of robbery battery?
In what area it is the most dangerous meaning murders
what is the nearest dangerous area
tell me about murder predictions in evening
Show me the robberies risk in 5 hours from now
in what area of the central district it is the most dangerous during the 1st watch
What areas are risky now?
In what calumet district area the murder risk is the highest
In what location is the risk of robbery highest?
What is the risk of a kidnapping today?
What is the risk of a robbery happening today?
show the hotspots for today
In what 20 district area it is the most risky with murders during the 2nd watch
tell me about murder estimations on the 4 of may in the morning in 1 mile from the bank
What is the robbery prediction for the Old Town for tomorrow morning? 
What is the risk of a murder today?
What's the likelihood of a robbery occurring today?
where are the hotspots during 1 shift
what are the hotspots
show murders on the 4 of may
what area is today the most dangerous about murders in the tenth district during the first watch
What is the risk of a rape today?
can you tell me the morning predictions
What area is today during the second watch the most risky in terms of murders
What is the risk of a homicide today?
Do you think there will be any robberies today?
What is robbery risk near the Willis tower?
What area is the most risky tomorrow during the second watch
i meant predictions for the 4 of may
show me the forecast for robberies in Beverly on the 1 of december
Closest focus areas
what are the hotspots in 1 mile from the willis tower
where it is risky today
show me tomorrow murders hotspots
where in central district today the robberies risks are the highest
Tell me the chance of a robbery today?
Closest hotspot
Focus areas
in which area the robberies risks are high during the first shift today
show the hotspots
show predictions about murders on the 4 of may
Where the risk is the highest today during the 3 watch
predict murders in willis tower
what is the most risky area nearby
In what location is robberies risk highest?
show me the forecast about murders expected to be committed in North Park
What is the risk of a burglary today?
Which area is the most risky today?
What is the crime prediction for tomorrow morning?
in what area it is the most risky today
In what area of the Central district today during the 2nd watch it is the most risky
Where the risk of a murder is the highest
What location carries the highest risk of theft?
which central district area carries high robberies risks today
Show me the robberies risk in 5 hours
What is the risk of a robbery today?
show me the hotspots in this district
what fifth district area today is dangerous in terms of crimes during the second watch
predict me robberies hotspots in 5 hours
Show me the robberies risk for tomorrow from 3 to 6 pm
predict tomorrow thefts in 2 miles from here
i need predictions in 2 miles from the willis tower
forecast murders near university
What is robberies prediction for the Old Town for tomorrow morning
In what area it is the most dangerous during the 3rd watch
show me the predictions of arsons in Chatham
How likely is a robbery today? 
show me the forecast about murders expected in North Park
Show me the robberies risk in 5 hours from <abracadabra>
predict me robberies in 5 hours
what is the most risky area
What area is today the most risky
Where the risk is the highest during the 2nd watch today
which area carries the highest risk tomorrow during the 3rd shift
What 1st district area today is the most risky during the 2nd shift
Show me the robberies risk for January 5 from 2 to 3 pm.
Show me the robberies risk for today.
where today the robberies risk is the highest in central district
Where the risk during the third watch is the biggest
show me tomorrow morning hotspots
now give me the forecast 
where today the robberies risk is high
What's the robbery risk for today?
In what first district area the murders risk is the highest
Which area is the most risky of theft today?
In what location is the risk of robbery highest?
What is the risk of an assault today?
where is it dangerous
can you tell me the morning arson estimate
Where in the Central district it is dangerous today
What is the risk of arson today?
what area in 5th district is the most risky today
predict me robberies hotspots during 2 shift
show me the morning predictions of arsons in Chatham
What area during the 3 watch is the most dangerous
Where it is the most dangerous today during the 2nd watch
What's the possibility of a robbery today?
which central district area is during the third watch risky about murders today
In what area during the 2nd watch the robberies risk is the biggest
What is the risk of a robbery occurring today?
in which calumet district area today the robberies risk is high
In what district it is the most risky
show me the hotspots in 200 yards from here
What district has the greatest risk
Show me the robberies risk from 6 to 9 pm.
show me tomorrow murder predictions in 1 mile from the theatre from 7 to 10 pm
what is the hotspot in the proximity
Show me the robberies risk from 6 to 9 pm.
what areas are risky
Show me the robberies risk for the morning
What are the chances of a robbery today?
Show focus areas
show me robberies prediction
which area of the eleventh district today is the most dangerous
show me hotspots with murders for the 4 of may
closest focus calls
Do you predict any robberies today? 
in what area of the central district the risk of murders is the highest tomorrow during the 1st watch
in what area the robberies risks are the highest in central district
in what district it is risky today
predict me murders in the university tomorrow morning
i needed arson predictions
in what area tomorrow the robberies risk will be the highest in calumet district
give me the forecast for robberies in 100 yards from the west side for today's morning
can you give me the robberies forecast
inform me about hotspots on 5 of september
Where the risk is the highest
show me robberies prediction for 5 hours
What is robbery risk near the Willis tower tomorrow?
where is it dangerous now
What area in the 1st district carries the biggest risk today during the 2nd shift
what area tomorrow during the 2 shift has the biggest risk of murders
Which area carries the highest risk of murders?
i need predictions not on the 4 of may but on the 5 of may
in which area tomorrow during the first watch the risk of murders will be the highest
tell me the estimate of murders tomorrow from 9 to 10 pm
predict me tomorrow morning hotspots
show hotspots in my district for 1 shift
What Central district area carries during the first watch the biggest risk of murders
Show focus calls
show me hotspots in the neighborhood
What location carries the highest risk of murder?
where are focus calls
Focus calls
Where it is the most risky today concerning murders during the 2 watch
In what area of the 5 district it is the most dangerous concerning murders during the 2nd watch
What area of the Central district carries tomorrow the biggest risk of murders
what area in fourth district is today more risky speaking about murders during the first watch
What area carries the most murder risks today
Show hotspots in my shift
forecast tomorrow morning murders nearby
tell me about tomorrow morning arsons estimation
In what location it is the most dangerous today
in what area during the second watch it is more risky with crimes today
what area in 5th district is the most risky during the 2nd watch
what area today has big robberies risks in third district
In what area during the 2nd watch robberies risk is the biggest
In what area during the 2nd watch today the risk is the highest
what area carries the biggest robberies risk today during the 2 watch
show the most risky district in 3 miles from here
Show me the robberies risk near the Willis Tower
What is the risk of a theft today?
show me murders hotspots from 5 to 9
Where are focus areas
what area today is the most dangerous concerning crimes during the third watch
In what area of the first district today it is the most risky meaning murders
Show me the robberies risk for tomorrow morning
Do you think there will be a robbery today?
predict me robberies in 5 hours from now
In which area the risk of murders during the 2nd watch is the highest today
give me the tomorrow morning estimate of crimes expected in 1 mile from the navy pier 
In what area during the 1st watch it is the most risky with murders
anything about address of the car owner
show me address of the car owner
What address is the vehicle regsitered at?
What's the address of the vehicle owner?
Where does the vehicle owner reside? 
Tell where the vehicle owner's home is located? 
Where can I find the owner of the car? 
Is there an address on the vehicle owner? 
Please get me the address of the vehicle owner.
What is the address where the vehicle is registered?
What address is on the vehicle registration?
What's the car owner's address? 
contacts of the car owner
how do we contact the owner of case 12 car
What is the vehicle owner's address/phone number?
Can I get contact information for the vehicle owner? 
How can we get in touch with the car owner? 
Get me the contact information for the vehicle owner. 
I want to contact the car owner. 
Find out how I can reach the owner of the car. 
Please display contact info for the vehicle owner.
How can I talk to the owner?
I need the details on how to contact the vehicle owner.
Where can I reach the owner of the car?
I'd like to contact whoever owns the car.
Find me contact details for the vehcle owner 
How do we get in touch with the person to whom the veichle is registered?
who owns the car
to whom is the case 12 car registered
Who is the car owner?
Who is in possession of the car?
Who owns the car?
Whose car is this?
What about the car owner?
What do we know about the car owner? 
Whose vehicle is it?
To whom is the vehicle registered?
What's the name on the vehicle registration?
Do we have an owner for that vehicle? 
Whose name is the car in? 
Who is the car registered to?
Who's on the registration? 
Who does the car belong to?
Who is the vehicle owner?
how can i call the car owner
i want to call the car owner
What's the vehicle owner's telephone number?
How can I get in contact/touch with the vehicle owner?
What's the number for the car owner? 
At what number can we reach the car owner? 
I'd like to call the vehicle owner.
Find me the car owner's number, please. 
who investigated case 12
who is case 12 investigating officer
Who investigated the case
Who handles incident 12
Which officer handled the case
Can I see case 12's detective?
Who is on case 12? 
Who is covering that case?
Who's the officer on the case? 
Who is assigned to the case?
And which officer responded?
Who's on it?
Who took the statements?
Who is the investigator?
Give me the investigating officer
Who is handling case 12?
address of suspect
tell me where the suspect lives
What's the address for that suspect?
Where does the suspect reside?
Can I get an address for the suspect? 
Where does the suspect in the case live? 
Find me the suspect's residence. 
Do we have an address for the suspect?
What's the address for the suspect's residence? 
Pull up the suspect's address.
Do we have a location for the suspect?
i need to contact the suspect
how can the suspect be reached
I need contact information for the suspect
all contact info of suspect
suspect contact details
suspect's contact information 
What's the suspect's phone number/address?
Where can I find the suspect?
Do we have contact information for the suspect in the case? 
Please find me the contact information for the suspect.
How can we reach/get in touch with/get a hold of the suspect? 
I'd like to contact the suspect.
Get me the suspect's contact information.
Display contact infomation for the suspect.
How can the suspect be reached? 
What contact information do we have on the suspect? 
I want to contact the suspect. 
Was the suspect in a gang
Does our suspect have any possible gang connections
Was the suspect in a gang?
Do we suspect that the alleged perp was in a gang?
Does our suspect have any possible gang connections?
Is there gang involvement suspected? 
Is the suspect a gang member? 
Is the suspect in any way connected with a gang?
Is the suspect connected with any gang activity? 
Could the suspect be connected with a gang? 
Any information on possible gang connections for the suspect? 
Is the suspect known to be a gang member? 
give me telephone number of case 12 suspect
give me telephone number of suspect
and now telephone of case 12 suspect
Do we have a telephone number for the suspect? 
What's the suspect's phone number? 
How can I call/get in touch with/contact the suspect?
Give me the phone number for the suspect. 
At what number can the suspect be reached? 
Can you please find me the suspect's cell?
Get me the suspect's mobile number. 
Is there a cell number for the suspect available? 
Do we know the suspect's phone number? 
Can we get in touch with the suspect by phone? 
do we have anything about case 12 vehicle
what does the car in case 12 look like
Anything about the car? 
Information about the car
What do we have on the car?
Do we have a description of the car?
Do we have a car make and model?
What did the witness say about the car?
Are there any details on the car?
And the car?
What about the vehicle?
Any info on the vehicle?
How about a vehicle description?
Do we know anything about the car?
where does the witness to case 12 live
do you know the address of witness
do you have the witness's address
i need the witness's address
where does the eyewitness live?
show me the witness's house
Where is the witness's residence?
Give me the address of the witness.
Where can I find our eyewitness? 
Do we have an address for the eyewitness in this case? 
What's the address for the eyewitness?
Can you find me information on the witness' residence?
Where does the witness reside? 
What's the witness' address?
Where can I talk to the witness in person? 
What's the address we have for the witness?
give me contacts of case 12 witness
do we have contacts of witness to case 12
Show witness's contact information 
Give me contact information for the witness
Do you have the witness's contact information?
How can I get in touch with the witness? 
How can the witness be contacted?
Where can I reach the witness? 
What is the witness's phone number/address?
Can I get the contact details for the witness? 
How can we contact the eyewitness?
Find me the contact information for this witness.
How can I get a hold of the witness?
What do we have on witness
Who is case 12 witness
Describe witness
Who is the witness in case 13?
Show witnesses
Do we have anything on the witness in case 12
Are there any witnesses in case 12
Anything on the witness?
Tell me about the witness in that case
Give me some details on the witness 
Update me on the witness in case 12
What about witnesses?
Can I get a witness description? 
Who was the witness in the case?
Can you give me details on the witness in the case?
Please provide a description of the witness
And the witness?
Any witnesses in the case?
Was the witness injured
Did the witness sustain any injuries
Was the witness injured?
Was the eyewitness wounded?
Did the witness sustain any injuries?  
Was the witness harmed in any way?
Were there any injuries to the witness? 
Did the witness escape unharmed? 
Were there any physical injuries sustained by the witness? 
Did the witness have any injuries? 
Was the witness hurt? 
Was the witness harmed during the commission of the crime? 
Did the witness come out of it unharmed? 
navigate to witness
Give me the phone number for the witness
How can I call the witness?
How can I call the witness?
Find the witness's number
Show telephone of the bystander
What's the number for the eyewitness? 
Where can the witness be reached? 
At what number can we reach the eyewitness?
Get me the phone number for the witness in the case. 
Pull up the phone number for the eyewitness. 
How do I get a hold of the witness in the case? 
What's the witness' phone number? 
Get me a number where I can contact the witness, please. 
Do we have a cell number for the eyewitness? 
show me details on a Mr. Joe Schmo. 
can you tell me whether there is a record on miss callie white? 
bring up all info for Jonathan Wile
what do you have on a Mr. Carl Geiger?
do we have a record on a Ms. Joanna Kyle?
can i get a background check on Harriet Yelling.
run a check, please, on a Lola Ferris
is there any information on a Mr. James Teague?
can you pull the record for a Greta Finnegan
pull up a Ms. Carlita Gutierrez
May i please see the record for Jonah Mansfield
check Kim Hilford
please search for a Pilar Frost-Winston in the records
Look for Mr. Bin Chook-Lee 
find Diem Truong 
find Yaroslav Gusevich
find Mr. Bin Chook-Lee
find Ms. Kelly robinson.
Find a Ms. Rosa Deacon
Give incident details
please pull up incident 23456
detail on case 234466
can you show me incident 23456
bring up incident 23456
display incident 23456
can i please see the details on incident 23456
give me some information on incident 234576
show incident 234656
incident 233456
who are the suspects in incident 23456?
please pull up the information on case 34567
i'd like to see the details on incident 23446
provide the details for incident 77965
give me the facts on case 98760876
please pull up the record on case 79657956
Man of about 30
30 year old man
Teenage girl
Middle-aged woman
A lady in years
Male, nearly 70
A man in his seventies
A woman from 30 to 50
an elderly male/man/female/woman/gentleman/lady
a male/female senior citizen
pre-teen girl
female toddler
a school-age girl/boy
woman of about 30 years of age 
old man
a female senior
a young lady in her teens
male, approximately 30 years of age
female, over 70 years of age
Male teenager
White woman
Indian girl
Black guy
Caucasian woman
Hispanic male/female/man/woman/lady/gentleman
Arab male
African-American male
Caribbean male
Asian male
East Asian male
South Asian male
Native American male
African male
Latino male / Latina female
Male Pacific Islander 
American Indian male
Middle-Eastern male
Male person of color 
Native Hawaiian/Alaskan male
Male, Hispanic
Black woman in her thirties
White man of about 30
Native hawaiian, male, 30 years of age
Caucasian woman, between 30 and 60
Asian boy
Woman in mid-thirties, indian
Man in mid-to-late seventies
Woman in her forties, black
African American female, approximately 50 years of age
Female, South Asian, over 55 years of age
African American senior citizen, female
Middle aged Hispanic male
25 year old female, caucasian
African American teen, male
Caucasian woman, 20 to 30 years of age
30-year-old white male
woman, 100 pounds
male 170 pounds
man, weighing about 170 pounds
man, weight from 150 to 200 pounds
slim woman
overweight man
200-pound female
heavyset male
obese man
thin woman
skinny gentleman
muscular male
woman, weight  over 200 pounds
underweight Hispanic female
black man, weight 150 pounds
white girl, 100 pounds
Hispanic female, over 200 pounds
Heavyset Asian male
extremely thin white female
overweight black female
Male, African American, heavyset
Woman weighing about 150 pounds, Latina
Overweight male, of Middle-Eastern decent
Asian female, extremely thin
woman, 1 meter 70 cm tall
the man is 6 feet 4 inches tall
male, height from 6 feet 2 inches to 7 feet 3 inches
male 173 cm
a tall woman
middle height man
male, about six foot four
short female
extremely tall man
a woman, about five feet seven inches 
a girl about 60 inches tall
a male of below/above average height
a girl in her twenties about 5 feet 3 inches
a woman about 40 height 5 feet 2 inches
female, late 30s, about 6 feet tall
a middle aged man, over 6 feet/foot tall
Male, about 5 foot 6, approximately 50 years old
Tall, middle-aged female. 
Very short male, possibly in his late 30s
Elderly, short  woman
Police have blamed the robbery on the IRA which has repeatedly denied any connection to the theft
The Northern Bank heist is one of the largest in Europesince the theft of more than US$65 million from a London bank in 1987. 
The sheer numbers of the cars and their lack of theft deterrent systems make them thieves ' preferred choices.
According to the reports, Secret Service agents guarding Miss Bush failed to notice the theft . 
A Bush administration official confirmed that " a theft incident " involving Barbara Bush had occurred, butdeclined details. 
Mazhari, who is a sculptor, was charged with the unrelated theft of $100,000 worth of paintings last year. 
The crying woman told a constable the plant theft was the fourth from her property in four years. 
Sergeant Mal Lochrie said that the officer found it hard to stop smiling as the woman gave details of the theft over the phone.
The man had been in custody for a month on charges of theft from the Royal Library in Stockholm.
The increase in security cameras being used in schools is an attempt to protect valuable schooling equipment from theft and damage, in particular computers incomputer rooms. 
The FBI listed the theft of the painting as of one of the world 's top ten art crimes inrecent years
Gruber has been charged with theft before. 
s organization based in Washington, D. D. C., calling Logo " another example of an assault on children 's innocence, a means of legitimizing a homosexual lifestyle,mainstreaming homosexuality in a positive and
He faces charges of attempted homicide, aggravated assault , burglary and criminal mischief. 
Atkinson had been charged with kidnap and assault in a separate case involving a Polishwoman.
An 11-year-old girl faces serious assault charges in California after casting a stone at a group ofboys who were throwing water balloons at her.
We determined a felony assault had taken place and the officers took theactions that were necessary.
He is capable of sexual consent and that therefore any sexual contact is automatically deemed in law to be a sex assault , " said OutRage! 's Peter Tatchell. 
They proceeded to throw grenades and fire their assault weapons. 
Officers in full body armour, helmets and gas masks and armed with shotguns and assault rifles were seen moving in. 
The force, estimated to be up to a hundred men, overpowered Arafat 's numerous bodyguards, using assault rifles and grenades, before directly assaulting the house.
ISI were also seen guarding a gated community, and were wearing full military gear including bulletproof vests and M16 assault rifles.
The goal of this is to see trends in crime and locations.
The strength of the effect of BID on robbery crimes varied by location.
In emergency circumstances to report a crime; the location of the crime or victims; or the identity, description or location of the person who committedthe crime.
Africa BOPNet crime Google location South Africa Street ViewPosted by Scott Smith Comments
Much crime is gang or drug related, and usually occurs in areas that are of little interest to visitors. 
First and foremost, identify the high crime districts and avoid them. Speak softly. Dress to blend in.
While there is no definitive analysis of the New York crime decline to date, most observers believe that the interplay of a number of variables wasresponsible.
 Now consider the increased senseless violence at our schools and unchecked crime on our streets.
 Cops Seize Photographer 's Film ... for the crime of street photography ( hat tip: BoingBoing ). 
Research consistently finds that adverse social conditions are correlated with problem behaviors ( street crime, street gangs, truancy, drop outrates, teen pregnancy, etc. ).
For example, Maritimers are as prone as other Canadians to believe that crime in our streets is getting worse. 
The ban also had the supportof local businesses, who wanted an end to the thefts, assaults, shoplifting and other street crime on Rotorua streets. 
They did -- and they repealedthat prohibition after a 15-year national nightmare that included a nationwide rise of organized crime, street violence and ... drinking! 
Crime was an issue in the area.
 How long will we see people murdered in the street for making fun ofor disagreeing with Islam as in the Netherlands recently?
An American named Michael Brewer, who runs a home for " street kids and runaway 'restavek ' slave children " says carloads of men " who areactually members of the now disbanded military, have began patrolling the streets of Port-au-Prince and are indiscriminately murdering street children for no reason otherthan sport. 
Count Dracula Beloved war-hero, aristocrat and former cabinet minister Count Vlad Dracula, Hammer of the Turks and Hero of Wallachiawas brutally murdered yesterday by a ruthless gang of accountants and lawyers from England. In his youth, Count Dracula fought to keep his country free fromencroachment by the Ottoman Empire.
Attorney General Gord Mackintosh struck an independent inquiry into theJames Driskell murder case yesterday amid mounting allegations police and prosecutors failed to disclose evidence that would have cast doubt on the conviction.
The police chief actually suspected someone else of the murder.Yesterday, the New Brunswick government re-opened the case, finally deciding to examine exhibits seized from the crime scene that somehow have gone untested untilnow. 
Murder evidence ignored BARBARA BROWN, Justice Reporter The Hamilton Spectator, June 17, 2000 
s conviction: Report suggests Driskell was a victim of deal-making By KIRK MAKIN AND GRAEME SMITH, Nov. 25, 2003 Gaping holes appeared in a 12-year-oldManitoba murder conviction yesterday after the release of a long-suppressed police report suggesting a key underworld witness was told he would not be charged in anarson prosecution in return for his
Prosecutorswithdrew a second-degree murder charge yesterday against Chris McCullough, who spent nearly nine years in prison for the slaying of Tapleytown School teacherBeverley Perrin.
 Crime in Britain has more than doubled since 1979.
A Washington survey, for example, showed that 38 per cent of those asked revealed that they had been a victim of a serious crime within thelast year, compared to the 10 per cent revealed by police statistics. 
More than 1.5 million carcrimes were committed last year, one in five by people under 21, a survey found. 
The revelation comes as an oil industry survey claims 84 per cent of forecourts were hitby crime last year . 
The latest security report says installing cameras has finally led to a fall in car theft, but overall hospital crime rose12.5% last year. 
for the police, in some parts of the region car related crimes have reached epidemic porportions, in the Thames Valley region for instance, there were 40,000 car- relatedcrimes last year . The police want tougher action taken against offenders: He says that all to often it 's the same people committing the crimes, theyaalso commit more whileon
The force, which covers Oxfordshire, Buckinghamshire and Berkshire solved just twenty one point seven percent ofreported crimes last year. 
He had served ten years in jail in the Republic for armed robbery.
The hut at North Park, Darlington,was destroyed in an arson attack last year.
The whole questionof what constitutes the rightful ownership of great international works of art is a minefield which, except in cases of outright and proven theft in very recent times, is bestleft undisturbed.
Maxine Carr had nothing to do with the Soham murders.
She had the perfect alibi which distanced her from one of the most terrible crimes of recent decades
Without A Trace 10pm, C4 Undoubtedly one ofthe most consistently satisfying crime shows of recent years
The island was one of the more peaceful in the West Indies but had been plagued by drugs and violent crime in recent years.
Tom Cruise has a tough time in Minority Report, where future crime ispredicted
Cruise is a drug-addicted cop in a future where murder is predicted before it is committed
However, the impact of thoseparameters on the accuracy of crime prediction has not been evaluated yet.
In essence, hotspot mapping is used as a basic form of crime prediction.
Edward Davey MP acknowledged that his nightmarishcrime predictions were coming true.